Improve documentation of experimental add-ons (community PR 912) (#159)
rancher/harvester-product-docs: versions/v1.5/modules/en/pages/add-ons/harvester-seeder.adoc

== Hardware Event Aggregation

> If you selected *Enabled* in the *Event* section of the *Out-of-Band Access* settings screen, *harvester-seeder* leverages Redfish to query the hardware for information about component failures and fan temperatures. The information is converted to Kubernetes events during hardware reconciliation and is subsequently handled by the Kubernetes garbage collection policy. {harvester-product-name} stores these events for 1 hour by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you selected *Enabled* in the *Event* section of the *Out-of-Band Access* settings screen, *harvester-seeder* uses Redfish to query the hardware for information about component failures and fan temperatures. The information is converted to Kubernetes events during hardware reconciliation and is then handled by the Kubernetes garbage collection policy. {harvester-product-name} stores these events for 1 hour by default.
```
